The @ionic/angular package in the end is a wrapper package around the Ionic components suite. So you can
think of it as a package that takes all these Ionic components, these web components which can
be used anywhere and wraps them into a separate Angular specific package or module, into this Angular
module also which can only be used in the Angular app
but this is done because it makes the usage of these components in Angular easier and actually also
more efficient, especially when we later talk about things like the alert controller, modal controller,
so these controller-like components we already had a look at.
So in an Angular app, we use this @ionic/angular package which gives us the Ionic component suite but which
acts as a so-called binding as it makes the usage of these components easier and kind of gives us a
bridge to conveniently use them in a way we would use Angular components as well you could say. And the
Ionic module here does just that,
it basically includes all these web components and gives us that extra magic on top of it which will
help us with for example these controllers. As always purely optional but still interesting, if you visit
the official Ionic Github repository,
I did show you the core folder in the last module,
there you can find all these core web components. If you dive into the Angular folder here, you actually
can see how that @ionic/angular package is setup
and there, you will see that what it does here in this Ionic module for example is it takes all these
core Ionic web components and simply declares them.
So this is all added to declarations and it does so because this simply wraps the web components into
Angular components, so that a) Angular doesn't complain about unknown elements being used in its templates
because by default it only accepts Angular components and normal HTML elements and b) we get additional
features as you will see throughout this course.
So that's the idea behind the Ionic module and this is how the Angular project and Ionic are connected.
It's a totally normal Angular project and we just add Ionic with this module, with a little bit of extra
configuration in angular.json and therefore we can now start using the Ionic components and features
in our normal Angular app.
Now since it is a normal Angular app, if you open a terminal which you can do with view terminal or with
the shortcut you see there, you can of course run ng serve to bring up the development server where you
can preview this app and this would work.
However I recommend Ionic serve but this behind the scenes will only use ng serve, it runs a special
script but in the end that just does the same as ng serve you could say but it automatically also
opens this in a new window, uses a specific port and so on.
So I will use Ionic serve here but it will use ng serve behind the scenes basically.
Here is the running project and as before, I'll open my developer tools here and preview this in the mobile
view, so to see how it would look like roughly on a mobile device and I'll go with the Pixel 2 for now.
So this is how we use Angular and Ionic or how we create an app and how the two frameworks or libraries
work together,
time to now get our hands dirty and build a simple dummy app here so that we can also see how we use
the Ionic components and how we use these special controller components.